All right.
So let's continue working on this sidebar now.
This collapse button we don't actually need.
Because if you have a look here, we have something like that, right?
So you can implement something like that.
And then we will have a look into these options as well, how to keep them open or close.
All right.
So we can do that.
That is something you can do here.
You can see default selected keys is one.
All right.
That's why when you land in the base, the first thing you'll see is this navigation.
It's open.
This is closed.
All right.
So these are these are not collapsible.
But this one, you see, it stays open.
That's because the default selected keys is the one.
And that is the one.
The option one.
He's one different open kills someone.
So someone is here.
So you're going to this navigation one and it has all these submenus.
Navigation one.
This one stays open because that's the values here.
Now, if you want to keep more than one item open, you can just put those values here.
All right.
So, for example, if you want to keep this, so to also open.
You can come here and then just use some to as well.
If you see now you can see if you learn in the base.
Both of them will be open.
All right.
I guess that's good.
Now.
Next thing we want to do is do some work on the the look how it looks.
Right?
So, first of all, let's fix this up so that it collapses like that, right?
Let's fix that up.
And then we work on showing the.
And proper links that we need for our teams.
And we, we use different items so that they are a bit more relevant to the content, whatever we're
doing here.
All right.
So first, let's fix that.
The collapse.
So what we can do for that is you can see we're not actually using side or component at the moment since
we're using layout and this admin now is basically use here in the the layout.
You can see here, we can use theta four on this one.
So let me import the layout.
And then let's import cider.
Sorry.
A destructive
side of fun.
So here's the consistent layout.
And then let's replace this dip, the wrapping dip with side.
It's come all the way down and turn this to site the moment.
If you save, you don't see any things here in the same.
However, you can pass some crops for example collapse and just double to collapse.
So.
Collapsible sword.
If you pass that, you will get beside and you can click on that to collapse.
Make it smart.
All right.
So that's beautiful.
Now, once we can do that, we we have no need for this one.
So let's remove that to assume that button.
Awesome.
Okay.
Beautiful.
Now, next thing, let's use the proper items and things.
The links as well.
All right, so this menu, it's using a dark theme.
Now, when we are in a dark mode, it looks good.
But when you go to the light mode, you can see we're using the dark meat.
Now, if you don't want that, you can just change that.
It's removed.
So we see this standard menu.
All right.
That looks good.
Next one.
So the first option.
Question one.
So we want the first one to be the despot for the admin.
All right, so let me change that.
We need the link component from next there.
So let's end for that first info link for next link.
So the first one is going to be an admin link.
A.
Link has red.
So we use this less admin.
And here we are, right?
That's for
now, isn't that?
That's very frankly.
We're on the same base adamant to this that basically currently at the moment and looks good.
So we've got the admin that one makes one.
We want to call posts so we don't have those links at the moment, but obviously we would be adding
later slates.
Copy that link cut and put it here and call this post.
It's going to be for advertisers, less ad means less post.
All right, so here it's calling posts.
Let's cut off all posts.
All right, let me copy again.
The next one.
We can call it anew.
So you just admin will be able to add a new post by clicking on this link.
So we can create a base for that called admins.
Less posts, less new.
All right, then the next one we want is category.
So let me copy that menu item into a menu item based here and call it admin less.
Categories
and year ten is two categories.
Now the next one, we'll have the we will have this dropdown menu submenu.
All right.
So this one will be used for the image abroad and managing the images.
So we called media.
And here we are going to have to officer 2 minutes and to remove this extra two.
So the two option here.
This one again, we need the link to copy the link component.
You'd prefer that option.
And here, let's put that link and we can call it a library.
Library?
And here we can call an advanced less media slice library.
Right.
Copy this menu item and replaced this one with.
We call it.
And so they can access the media library or they can just upload individual images.
So this one, we call it admin media less new.
All right.
So there are few more comments and you just for let's have a look how it's going.
So far so good.
That looks pretty good to me.
And the post add new.
Okay.
So this has to be nested.
Let me go to the finish project.
So we have the post and inside post we'll have the these nested options.
This is for the post, these nested options for media.
And so I guess so we can fix that up.
We get the media that's looking good.
All right, let's go back.
Let me fix that for the post.
So that's going to be a submenu.
All right.
So I think I can copy that from here.
This one to be used for media, actually live and leave a comment.
Right.
By the way, if you.
She.
How did that come on?
And then this less.
That's what it did to you.
I saw.
Library.
This is a library.
Let me copy this bit.
And.
So he had let me go all the way to the top base to leave a comment post.
All right.
So the title.
Let's turn this to post.
And then we all have these links that we created.
So let me just copy them on these three.
Copy.
And then come here.
And then this court did not.
Put them back in.
Now for these nested menu items.
We're not using icons, so let's remove the icons.
All right, let's have a look.
Okay, so we have the posts, all posts and new in categories that this one seems to be extremely limited
fixed that.
So we cut all posts.
All posts are new in categories.
I wonder where this library is coming from.
Okay.
So let's go.
All right, so we've got post.
Let me go to the got more posts.
We got media.
Beautiful.
Let's work on the next one.
Next one will be.
So that's posts.
That's a library.
When we copy paste, we also have to make sure to give them the unique key.
All right.
So we give them the unique key and we have to make them active.
So whenever we click, whenever base reloads, we have to make that active, right?
So that's something we can continue working on that for phone only discontinue the links.
So the next one is going to be for.
Comments to comments are going to be individual items to let me just copy one of these pull down the
air pockets.
So this one, I'm going to call it.
And means less content.
So admin will be basically able to remove or delete anyone's comments if they're there.
Something you know not relevant to site admin should be able to control the content.
So it tends to.
Come.
All right.
So we're going to change the keys bit later.
Let's leave it like that for now.
Next one is users, right?
So use this going to be in groups.
So this submenu, let me add to that.
It will go back to my previous one.
Let me just copy that.
Users.
I said this one.
So the first one we call it uses let's call it all uses.
Give this title to the submenu he uses.
So the you are listening to admins less users.
Next one is add new.
That's going to means less to users less new.
That's for adding a new user.
Another next one's going to be a profile.
So you have the link for user targeted, the profile to be copied, and that's going to be a single
menu item.
Changes to add means less for the profile and means less.
It's going to be the unique user I.D. for the moment since you don't have the user ID itself and just
leave it like this for now, we're going to come back and tend to let.
Profile.
All right.
So that's good.
Next one, the last one, we're going to have a customized suit.
So you and we should be able to customize the the site.
For example, here admins will be able to upload updated the images and text on the homepage from within
the dashboard, since it seems that is something we had to add.
Right?
So that ones are going to be here as well.
Customize.
That's going to be customized.
And we call it.
Awesome.
I guess.
I think we've got all the links we needed.
Let's have a look.
That looks good.
All right, let me give a reverse.
Okay.
Pretty much all of them are open and all of them close at the same time because we're using the same
keys.
You can see submenu.
It's also one.
This is also one.
So that's why they are behaving at the same time.
So obviously we can fix that up by changing the keys to the end to do that, change the keys and then
use the relevant icons here as well.
So let's do that in the next video.